Rename entryPoint to entrypoint (#9161)
withastro/astro: .changeset/rude-hairs-whisper.md

---
'astro': minor
---

> When injecting routes in integrations with the `injectRoute` API, the passed route's `entryPoint` property is renamed to `entrypoint` to be consistent with other Astro APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renames the `entryPoint` property of the `injectRoute` integrations API to `entrypoint` for consistency. A warning will be shown prompting you to update your code when using the old name.
```
My prepositions may not be correct here, but I think frontloading the idea that a property has been renamed is a helpful way to go here!

Author: Sounds good to me 👍
